Founding Engineer (m/f/d)
Munich, Bavaria, Germany · Reposted 5 hours ago · 39 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


On-site

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

  3 of 10 skills match
Matches your job preferences, job type is {}.

Apply

Save
Save Founding Engineer (m/f/d) at Enduin
Founding Engineer (m/f/d)
Enduin · Munich, Bavaria, Germany (On-site)

Apply

Save
Save Founding Engineer (m/f/d) at Enduin
Show more options
See how you compare to 39 others who clicked apply
Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Retry Premium for €0
Meet the hiring team
Johannes Gensheimer is hiring
Johannes Gensheimer  
 2nd
Entrepreneur | Max Planck, TUM & KIT
Job poster · 1 mutual connection

Message
About the job
Adoption rates of AI in many software fields peak above 90%, and the fastest growing companies excel in that field, reaching $100m revenues in just months after go-to-market (e.g., Lovable or Cursor). In the embedded and low-level space, the adoption is still below 50% — but that also makes sense, as building embedded software is fundamentally different from, for example, a frontend or mobile app. Also, the requirements are different. Once deployed, over-the-air updates are not as easy as redeploying a website. Safety is essential — the airbag needs to explode. And the tools available today aren’t built for this vertical.


At Enduin, we believe that a vertical solution tailored to the embedded and low-level space will drive adoption and revolutionize how hardware products are built. We are building the Cursor for Embedded - starting by helping developers find bugs in their software using AI.


We are a venture-backed, Munich-based startup, supported by the world's largest early-stage VC.


Impacting how we build embedded software will impact all electronic hardware products - and directly drive innovation across many fields.


Responsibilities

We are looking for a Founding AI Engineer who:

Takes full technical ownership
Is a leading individual contributor
Hires a skilled and driven team
Shapes company culture as much as you shape tech & product
Supports fundraising and all activities that come with an early-stage startup


Qualifications

2+ years of work experience in a fast-paced environment
2+ years of software engineering experience
Experience in AI, Deep Learning, Data Science, or Machine Learning
Experience in Embedded or IoT is a plus, but not required


Benefits

Significant equity in the company
EGYM Wellpass for your fitness & well-being

About the company
Enduin company logo
Enduin
499 followers

Follow
Software Development  2-10 employees
Embedded engineers spend up to 60% of their development time debugging, losing valuable hours that could be used to deliver new features and innovations. Enduin’s AI-powered debugging extension for VS Code accelerates bug hunting by up to 70%, empowering engineers to reclaim their time and boost productivity.
