Founding Engineer @ FinTech Startup (60-100%, Remote Globally)
Germany · 21 hours ago · 72 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Company review time is typically 1 week


 Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.

Part-time

  7 of 10 skills match
Matches your job preferences, job type is {}.

Easy Apply

Save
Save Founding Engineer @ FinTech Startup (60-100%, Remote Globally) at Stealth Fintech Startup Switzerland
Founding Engineer @ FinTech Startup (60-100%, Remote Globally)
Stealth Fintech Startup Switzerland · Germany (Remote)

Easy Apply

Save
Save Founding Engineer @ FinTech Startup (60-100%, Remote Globally) at Stealth Fintech Startup Switzerland
Show more options
See how you compare to 72 applicants
Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Retry Premium for €0
About the job
Build a NextGen mobile application shaping the Future of Personal Finance in the DACH Region


About Us

We’re a Zurich-based bootstrapped early stage FinTech startup (team of 6 currently) on a mission to redefine Personal Finance Management across the DACH region. Using the latest open banking technology, our AI-driven mobile app aims to transform complex financial data (incl. from debit, credit, stocks, crypto, pension, other digital/physical assets) into simple, actionable insights to help users optimize their finances and reach their life goals faster. We prioritize intuitive design, a seamless user experience, and accessibility for everyone. More concisely, the future vision is to build a NextGen CFO in your pocket that manages your finances for you, leveraging the latest AI technology.


Your Role

We’re looking for a passionate and entrepreneurial Founding Engineer (a.k.a. passionate tech-wizard with a builder mindset) who wants to implement something innovative and meaningful from day one. Are you always undertaking innovative side projects, building apps just for fun, and thinking “this could be better” every time you use a (financial) tool? Then we want you!


In this role you'll take ownership of the technical foundation of our new product features — from developing a new functionality to quick iterations based on user feedback. You’ll also work closely with the founding team to shape the MVP, build core infrastructure, and lay the groundwork for a scalable, future-proof application. This role is perfect for someone who thrives in early-stage environments, enjoys thinking out of the box with little resources, closely working with the CTO, and loves inventing new futuristic functionalities.


Location: Global (i.e. Founding team based in Switzerland)
Commitment: 60–100% (i.e. minimum 25 hours per week)
Remuneration: Equity-stake in company (i.e. salary only possible post-funding)


🧠 What We’re Looking For

Hands-on indie hacker, passionate about personal finance and excited to solve real-world problems with newly launched / cutting-edge tech solutions
Ability to ship early-stage MVPs/features from e.g. days to 3 weeks
Proficient in React Native (and React)
Strong full-stack JavaScript/TypeScript experience with a focus on mobile-first development
Solid knowledge of REST APIs, SQL/NoSQL databases
Confident with Git, responsive design best practices, and Google Cloud Platform
Proficient in English
Prior fintech or finance industry experience is a plus but not a must (i.e. your motivation to learn, experiment and build is a must-have though)
Last but not least, a team player, direct communicator and nice person to work with - team culture is very important to us :)

🌱 Why Join Us?

Founding team equity — own a stake in the company, serious skin in the game
Influence key product and technical decisions from the ground up
Flexible working conditions and a collaborative, mission-driven culture
Help shape a product that will improve the financial well-being of thousands, creating something people actually love and want to use because it improves their lives
Build the future of finance in Switzerland and Europe


Ready to be a hands-on innovator and build something game-changing? Feel free to attach a CV, portfolio, GitHub link showcasing your last projects, etc. Let’s shape the future of personal finance — together. 

Apply now, we are excited to meet you!

